Since it all starts with the old lady
Then it ends with her
Mr. Lu
You still have the face
Do you know that you have made Mr. Lu miserable?
I'm the one who got hurt
It was miserable by your Lu family
What do you mean?
You didn't keep saying
I am the murderer who killed your father
I'll tell you now
Three years ago.
The real murderer who destroyed your family was your mother
My grandmother also failed to treat him in time.
That's why he died
That's not possible.
Shuyuan, are you sick?
Make it up here
Well said because of your mother
That's why my condition is getting worse and worse.
Try moving again.
I just got back from your mother's place
Listen to it yourself
I and Qixiu have now let the Lu family Dongshan again
The truth about the secrets of the past
No one will ever know
Stop! Lu Qi Xiu is usually mean to you
But the pay is not bad
Although the road is dead
He's still your boss
Seek his position
You said it.
You can drive it and deliver it right away.
It's Miss Shu